Week1
1. Group formed  
2. I selected the topic of project with my team  
3. I scheduled the weekly meeting with my team   
4. I decided the related technology to be used for our project
5. I planned to discuss the user stories next week

Week2
1. I had a meeting with my group members
2. I set the timeline ang goals of our project with my group
3. I searched and discussed similar MealMatch system  
4. I planned to finish all user stories next week

Week3  
1. I finished writing user stories 
2. I set the sprints at Jira
3. I edited the proposal with group members
4. I planned to start functions implementation  

Week4  
1. I discussed and designed the user interface of our project
2. I discussed with group member to distribute the work into back-end part and front-end part
3. I search and learn the type of database in use for other projects
4. I planned to implement database and back-end functions next week

Week5  
1. I implemented csv file for data storage
2. I implemented login and register functions together with group members
3. I checked with group members to make sure the project could run smoothly
4. I start to prepare the Progressive Demo A
5. I planned to start the sprint 2

Week6  
1. I reviewed and upgrade the user stories and functions in sprint 1 
2. I distribute the work of sprint 2 with group members
3. I planned to implement functions for explorer 

Week7  
1. I implemented the function of running list
2. I added s series of ingredients and recipes  
3. I implemented function of searching recipes
4. I planned to implement suggestion system for explorer

Week 8  
1. I started to implement suggestion system 
2. I discussed the functions for contributor with group members 
3. I prepare for Progressive Demo B
4. I distribute the work of sprint 3 and sprint 4
5. I planned to complete all functions

Week 9
1. I completed all functions for contributors with group members
2. I added more ingredients and recipes
3. I started to write project reports
4. I planned to review and upgrade our system

Week 10
1. I completed and upgraded all functions for our system
2. I finish the project report
3. I start to prepare for Project Demonstration
